The Virtual COM port project is a demo program for using the NXP 
LPC17xx Microcontroller.

It demonstrates an USB Virtual COM port based on a Windows USB host 
driver (usbser.sys).

The PC will install a virtual COM port on the PC (see Driver Installation).
After installation an additional port "LPC17xx USB VCom Port(COMx)"
can be found under System/Hardware/Device Manager/Ports(COM&LPT).
Number "x" is not fixed as different PC configuration may have different 
"x" displayed on the device manager. The USB host driver assigns "x" 
dynamically based on the existing COM port configuration of the system.
   
Testing the USB Virtual COM port with serial cable:

  Open two Hyperterminal windows. 
      One with "LPC17xx USB VCom Port(COMx)" 
      One with "Communications Port (COM1)".
  Connect PC port COM1 to the comport on the board and open "COM1" 
  and "COMx". Data from COM1 will be echoed on "COMx" and visa versa. 
  So, this is bi-directional communication between the physical COM
  port 0 or 1 on the board and the virtual COM port COMx on host PC.
  By default, COM PORT1 on the board is used for VirtualCOM port test.
  In order to use COM PORT0 on the board, modify the definition PORT_NUM
  from 1 to 0 in serial.h, recompile and reprogram the flash. RST jumper
  needs to removed to start the Virtual COM port test.     

The Virtual COM Port program is available for the following targets:
  Keil MCB1700 Eval board: configured for on-chip Flash ROM
           (used for production or target debugging)

Driver Installation:
--------------------
     "Welcome to the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - select 'No, not this time'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Search for the best driver in these locations'
     - check  'include this location in the serach'
     - set to <project folder>
     - press 'Next'


     "Hardware Installation" appears
     "has not passed Windows Logo testing..."
     - press 'Continue Anyway'

     "Completing the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - press 'Finish'
